---
layout: post
title: "Enhancement Three"
date: 2023-01-24
excerpt: "Enhancement for Databases"
tags: [Milestone Four, Enhancement Three, eportfolio]
comments: false
---
{% assign key_word = "eportfolio" %}
## Enhancement Three: Data Bases

Category Three: Databases, 

I can perform CRUD operations within my SQLite Database. I can create a ‘made-up golfer’ and fill in his stats to compare with the professionals.

I will read into stats that may or may not be relevant to the outcome of a golfer’s success.

I can update the database with additional stats, such as average driving distance and accuracy percentage.

I can delete data that is less relevant to determining a golfer’s success.  

Additionally, I want to clean up my database and remove a lot of ‘noise’ that makes it unreadable & add a security feature.

## Update

I performed CRUD operations to showcase my abilities to perform all necessary actions within a database. 

- I CREATED a golfer ‘John Johnson’ and inserted him into the database. 

- I READ into the database to determine which stats were most relevant to a golfer’s success. 

- I UPDATED the database to only show the top 5 performers at each tournament throughout the year. I updated the stats of my created golfer to ‘blend in’ with the other top performers. 

- I DELETED numerous columns that seemed redundant and irrelevant to my intended purpose. I also added password encryption that is required before opening the database when transferring a zip file.

### Link

Here is a link to my GitHub repository for this project:

[Enhancement Three](https://github.com/bryson1221/CapstoneDB) 
